# Apps
When creating a new project an entry app (`main`) will be already generated.
For most projects it will suffice, but sometimes you will need to split your app
into multiple smaller sub-apps.

To create a new sub-app run the following command inside your project:
```
gluestick generate app my-sub-app
```

This will create the proper directory structure and will modify `src/entries.json`.

## `entries.json`
Sometimes you will need to manually modify `src/entries.json`.
This file contains definitions for every entry (a.k.a. "sub-app").

The file's schema looks like this:

```json
  "/<key>": {
    "name": "<name>",
    "component": "<path/to/entry/root/component>",
    "routes": "<path/to/routes>",
    "reducers": "<path/to/reducers>",
    "config": "<path/to/config>",
    "group": ["group-1", "group-2"]
  }
``` 

- `key`: URL-like entry name for example `/vehicles`, must be kebab-case and __match top-level route__ `path` __property in specified routes__
- `name`: A custom, user-friendly entry name (optional), must be camelCase
- `component`: The path to the root entry component.
- `routes`: The path to the routes declaration file.
- `reducer`: The path to reducers file that exports an object**.
- `config`: The path to the application configuration file. If not specified, `config/application` will be used as a default. It is not common to specify this value.
- `group`: (Optional) Assign the entry to a group, see: [gluestick](../packages/gluestick/README.md) `--entrypoints` option.

** **Please note** that the reducer should `export` by (`default`) an object with key-value pairs,
when the value is a reducer function. Do not use `combineReducer`, it will be used later internally
by gluestick.

Example of `entries.json` with `main` and `help` apps:

```json
{
  "/": {
    "component": "src/apps/main/Index.js",
    "routes": "src/apps/main/routes.js",
    "reducers": "src/apps/main/reducers/index.js"
  },
  "/help": {
    "component": "src/apps/help/Index.js",
    "routes": "src/apps/help/routes.js",
    "reducers": "src/apps/help/reducers/index.js"
  }
}
```

# App routes
Each app's route lives in the `src/apps/<appName>/routes.js` file. The one generated by `new` command file, gives you a nice overview of how this file should look. There are also few props, which you can use on the `<Route>` component:
* `ignoreScrollBehavior: boolean` - if true, disables default `react-router-scroll` behavior
* `useScroll: (prevRouterProps: Object, location: Object) => boolean` - allows to specify custom scroll behavior, must be a function returning `true` or `false`
